website/docs: enhance customization docs (#15081)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/brands.md

slug: /brands
---

> As an authentik admin, you can customize your instance's appearance and behavior using brands. Brands apply to a single domain, a domain wildcard, or can be set as default, in which case the brand will be used when no other brand matches the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an authentik administrator, you can customize your instance's appearance and behavior using brands. Brands apply to a single domain, a domain wildcard, or can be set as default, in which case the brand will be applied when no other brand matches the domain.
```
